{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) \
The easiest way I could think of doing this would be to first lay the pennies on their side so that they couldn't balance if they were to overlap.  I would think try to find the surface area of the top of the bridge and find the surface area of the part of the penny so I can compare the two and figure out how much could cover it\
\
The length of the Golden Gate bridge is 8981 ft (107772 in) and the width is 90 ft (1080 in.)\
The diameter of a penny is .75 in and the thickness is .061 in\
17 pennies on their side makes 1.037 in so about 1,766,754 pennies will take up a \
.75 in row.  I will use the conversion of 4 pennies in diameter make up 3 inches.  which will give about 2,544,125,760 pennies for the bridge.  The towers must also be consider so I'll take an estimate of about 20,000 for the towers so it comes to a total of 2,544,125,760\
\
2)\
\
48:27\
96:54\
144:81\
\
I picked these number because 48 96 and 144 are divisible by 12 and 16.  Then i multiplied 9 by the number that got me the first number.  For example 3 times 16 is 48 so I multiplied 9 by 3 and got 27.\
\
3) This sounds like a branch and bound problem.  The next move will be determined off of the previous move so recursion should be used.\
\
4)\
Working with IGN will be more of just a job for me because I am a big fan of video games and everything that IGN does.  I can remember when I first found out about IGN.com from a family member about four years back and I continue to visit the site.  I would to help ign do what they do best which is give the user what they want to know about games.  I am aware of the other websites that IGN have part in and I use gamespy.com to get help with games that I am stuck on.  I really want to work with video games, web design, and helping others get what they want and I feel working with IGN will help me do this.  I was once told your job should be scamming your boss to pay you to do something that you love so much you would do it for free, and I feel working for IGN will be that.\
\
\
\
}